Okay, good, now point six.
What Jehovah does for his friends?
Cassie, can you tap that link?
Jehovah has done so much for me.
When I was 14, things that happened in the past started to catch up with me emotionally.
And I felt like everything that had happened in my life was my fault.
Learning from the Bible that God says that He will take my right hand,
that He will fortify me, that He will really help me.
It blew me away.
She mentioned a Bible passage where Jehovah takes our hand.
Can you read that?
At Isaiah 41, 10 and 13.
Please, do not be afraid, Brian, with you.
Do not be anxious for I am your God.
I will fortify you.
Yes, I will help you.
I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.
13, for I Jehovah your God and grasping your right hand.
The one saying to you, do not be afraid, I will help you.
So, Cassie, according to these verses, what is Jehovah promised to do for all of his friends?
Help us when we're down or scared?
Yes.
Let's look a little closer, though.
I will fortify, I will help, I will really hold on.
Does that sound like a friend who can help or a friend who wants to help?
I never thought of God, Jehovah, like that.
Do you think that Jehovah would make a good friend?
Sure.
Why?
In verse 10, Jehovah stretches out his hand to you, which one?
His right.
And then in verse 13, he takes your hand, which one?
My right.
How?
Cassie, come here.
So is Jehovah beside you holding your hand or is he in front?
That's it.
His right hand, taking your right hand.
He's facing you.
To pull you up and out, Cassie, what does Jehovah pull you out of?
Hopelessness, and that is a direct result of friendship with Jehovah.
It grows stronger, the more we talk to him.
Let's look at that in the next section, okay?
Okay, Gene.
The last review question is, how can Jesus' death benefit you?
I suppose I should say that it means forgiveness for my sins, but God's not going to forgive
me.
What makes you feel that way?
I don't feel.
I know.
I made better choices in my business than I did at home.
Sorry.
Gene, scroll down to where it says, explore, and click under, can Jehovah forgive even
serious sins?
Okay, got it.
Can you read the second paragraph, please?
Sure.
Some people have committed gross sins and wonder whether God can forgive them.
Happily, the word of God says, the blood of Jesus his son cleanses us from all sin.
Jehovah willingly forgives even serious sins if we have a proper repentance attitude.
The blood of Jesus cleanses us from all sin.
Through the ransom, Jehovah forgives our sins, even serious ones, and he draws us to
them.
But Ron, why should anyone get a free pass?
Because it's not free.
Do you see the scripture link to Isaiah chapter 1, verse 18?
I see it.
Can you read it, please?
Come now and let us set matter straight between us, says Jehovah, though your sins are
like scarlet, they will be made as white as snow.
Though they are as red as crimson cloth, they will become like wool.
So forgiveness of our sins is possible, if we set matter straight.
What do you, Jeane, think that means?
I need to do what's right.
I'm trying.
Yeah, that's good.
It also involves how we feel.
We should feel sorry.
I am.
No, that's a good sign, Jeane.
Lastly, let Jehovah help you with a step that's the hardest for many of us.
He can help you forgive yourself.
Jesus died for me.
Ron, I think I'm going to need a little more time to process this.
We all do.
Let's go ahead and conclude with a prayer, and we'll specifically ask Jehovah to strengthen
your faith in the ransom and his forgiveness.
Later, when you pray, you can beg him for the same thing.
Thank you.
Okay.
Let's say a prayer.